docs: Added PyPI source pyproject.toml example to repositories.md. (#8171)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/repositories.md

This way, the priority of PyPI can be set in a fine-granular way.

The equivalent specification in `pyproject.toml` is:

```toml
[[tool.poetry.source]]
name = "pypi"

> priority = "supplemental"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
priority = "primary"
```

This should be "primary" to be equivalent to the previous command, shouldn't it?

Author: True.  I'll change it.

```

> **Omit the `url` when specifying PyPI as a supplemental source.** Because PyPI is internally configured
> with Poetry, the PyPI repository cannot be configured with a given URL.  Remember, you can always use
> `poetry check` to ensure the validity of the `pyproject.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Omit the `url` when specifying PyPI explicitly.** Because PyPI is internally configured
with Poetry, the PyPI repository cannot be configured with a given URL. Remember, you can always use
`poetry check` to ensure the validity of the `pyproject.toml` file.
```
